Legend and Conclusion

Legend to Tech Tree:

(xxx) Research Point Cost - Number of Research Points needed to complete research of tech. 1/100 of this cost is used in the technology's upkeep.

(-x) Church Dislike Factor - The lower the number the more likely the chance the Church will proscribe that particular tech. If the bonus is -5 or lower, it is automatically proscribed at the beginning of the game.

-- Only prerequisite - Indicates that this tech has no other techs as a prerequisite.

++ Requires other techs - Indicates that this tech has other techs as a prerequisite.

... Tech tree continues - Indicates that further research down this tech tree is possible.

<> Unit tech only prerequisite - Indicates that the Applied (or Unit) Tech has no other techs as a prerequisite.

>< Unit tech requires other techs - Indicates that the Applied (or Unit) Tech has other techs as a prerequisite.

Build X(...) - Indicates that X is now available for building by an Engineer, Demolition Team, or Colony Ship. The ellipsis (...) indicates that structure X can build special units.

Build X in Y(...) - Indicates that X can now be built in structure Y. If the ellipsis (...) follows Y then X is an upgrade for a future unit.

Upgrade X to Z at Y(..., +++) - Indicates that X can now be upgraded to Z at structure Y. Also note that Z can be disbanded back to X. The ellipsis (...) indicates that unit Z is an upgrade for a future unit. The symbol, +++, indicates that unit X can be upgraded to another unit.

+
+
In the Build section this indicates that all proceeding units require the current prerequisite technology as well as at least one other technology to be able to build these units.


In Conclusion

I pen this litany of horrors and evils not as a prurient grimoire, but as a warning to the wise. The Avestites would enforce ignorance through the flamegun, while the Eskatonics would counsel introspection of such soporific tranquillity that it amounts to the same thing. Neither path offers absolution in an age that requires strength and action against those forces that would engulf us all. 

Ultimately, the Pancreator invests all His children with sensibility and free will. And so herein I have delineated the constructs of the technomantic arts in, I think, sufficient detail that those who would seek them out for ill purposes may consider this a guidebook of sorts. If ye would stain thyself in this fashion, such is thy lot, and I can but pray that ye recant before thy soul extinguishes itself. If as I presume ye are a virtuous and godly person, fit to bear the legacy of Terra, then ye will take heed of these lessons, and wisely avoid commerce with that which the Pancreator has not desired us to understand.

Until the stars blaze anew,

Bishop Xavier Holst

